---
layout: post
title: Kabaddi
rating: 8.0
movie_name: Kabaddi
language: Nepali
movie:
  rating: M
  Production Company: Cinema Art Pvt. Ltd
  Distributed By: Popcorn Pictures
  Box-office: Blockbuster
  length: 165 min
  genre: 
    - Drama
    - Action
cast-crew:
  director: Ram Babu Gurung
  Starring: 
    - Dayahang Rai 
    - Nischal Basnet
    - Rishma Gurung
    - Rajan Khatiwada
    - Buddhi Tamang
  Writer: 
    - Ram Babu Gurung
date: 2020-05-19
description: Romantic nepali drama
image: /assets/images/Kabaddi.jpg
author: dasol
tags:
  - Nepali
  - Drama
  - Action
---
Kabaddi is a 2014 Nepali romantic drama movie that portrays the story of a love triangle among three central characters. Kazi, a third-standard-failed young man from Mustang, Nepal, dreams of marrying Maiyya, daughter of his maternal uncle, by any means. Maiyya, a student of high school, on the other hand, is peeved by his idiotic behaviors. This rejection from Maiyya always disappoints Kazi but never disheartens him. Supported by his two childhood friends Beekay and Chantyal, he finally decides to marry Maiyya through capture marriage, which is illegal but still practiced by some ethnic communities in Mustang. To find her long-gone father and to continue her studies in Kathmandu, Maiyya elopes with a visitor named "Bibek". Inflamed by her disappearance, Kazi heads to Kathmandu in search of Maiyya and finds himself trapped in a city conspiracy. Bibek turns out to be a broken man trying to take revenge against Maiyya's father. Though Kazi succeeds in getting Maiyya safely back home, the duo's love story still fails to move forward.

The film was released on April 25, 2014 with extremely positive review from critics and audience for its rawness , screenplay, performances and direction. The became a Blockbuster at the box office and remains cult classic film of Nepali Cinema.

Overall my rating is 8/10. 

{% youtube "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vEo-M6MjMeU" %}