---
layout: post
title: "Tumbbad"
rating: 9.0
language: Hindi
movie:
  rating: M
  director: Someone
  Starring: this,that,him/her,who knows
  Writer: who knows
  genre: 
    - Drama
    - Crime
  runtime: 104
date: 2020-05-19
description: Human lust and it's tragedy
image: /assets/images/Tumbbad.jpg
author: dasol
tags:
  - Hindi
  - Foreign
  - Drama
  - Crime
---

1 Hr 44 Min

- Directed By: 
  - Rahi Anil Barve
  - Anand Gandhi (Creative Director)
  - Adesh Prasad (Co-Director)
- Written By: 
  - Mitesh Shah
  - Adesh Prasad
  - Rahi Anil Barve
  - Anand Gandhi
  - Narayan Dharap
- Starring:
  - Sohum Shah
  - Jyoti Malshe
  - Anita Date
  - Rojini Chakraborty
  - Deepak Damle
- In Theaters: Oct 12, 2018 (Eros International)
- Box Office Verdict: **Hit**

 Tumbbad is a 2018 Hindi-language period horror film which follows the story of a search for a hidden treasure in the 20th century British India village of Tumbbad, Maharashtra.

The best form of horror is one which plays with your mind. The fear of the uncertain and the unknown is what evokes the strongest emotions. Tumbbad is a perfect example of a film that creates a surreal illusion. This psychological horror has its traditional moments of blood and gore, but the most promising part of this terrifying fable is that it makes monsters out of ordinary men. A greedy human can be a lot more malicious than a cursed supernatural entity. Ideas like that make Tumbbad a real mind-bender and the film's top-notch production design makes it a movie that truly reinvents the horror genre for Indian cinema.

Tumbbad is a moody and atmospheric film. Some viewers may find the film a little too deep and disturbing, but this is a perfect fit for the viewer who likes psychological horror movie.

I think this is the best mythological horror movie ever made in Hindi cinema. 

Overall my rating is 9/10. 

{% youtube "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sN75MPxgvX8" %}